chore(KFLUXVNGD-171): add task to update and push trusted tasks (#847)
redhat-appstudio/release-service-catalog: tasks/managed/update-trusted-tasks/README.md

# update-trusted-tasks
Tekton task to update trusted-tasks list bundles.
Once a task is released as a bundle, the list of trusted-tasks should be 
updated with the new task.

> The OCI artifact containing the trusted-tasks list named `acceptable-data-bundles` and should reside in the same org in the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OCI artifact containing the trusted-tasks list is named `acceptable-data-bundles` and should reside in the same org in the registry.
```

> If it is already in place it will be used as an input and append to it, else a new artifact will be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is already in place, it will be used as an input to which the results will be appended, else a new artifact will be created.
```
